a Naser hospital is the only place that
people wounded have a chance to survive
but it's close to Total
collapse Israel is increasing its attack
Inus placing the hospital at the center
of the Battle
Zone since yesterday night with the
expansion of ground operation in con
Yunis we received a lot of injured
there's no space for them I work in the
Intensive Care Unit there's only four
beds there I was treating 10 to 11
injured and I was jumping over beds just
to check on them there's barely any
staff left the resources are below zero
equipment below zero there's nothing I
haven't slept for 30
hours Palestinian doctors treat complex
trowa Wars on blood socked floors with
what little supplies they
have people have been killed in Israeli
raids close to the
hospitals the Israeli Army called this a
safe Zone at the start of the
war but Kan yunus has been under heavy
attack for more than a month attacked by
Israeli tanks and artillery many people
who Liv here have died and much of the
city has been flattened attacked by land
a and
sea thousands of Palestinians are on the
move again seeking safety further
south this is the seventh time I get
displaced maybe even more it's torture
torture
torture we hardly made it out of the
University under the shelling we didn't
expect the tanks at the University's
gate we almost didn't make it out alive
every day I see children die many of my
friends died last night at Al AA
University the destination rougher but
the city is already overpopulated and
resources to shelter them are already
stretched to the Limit and his space to
live shrinking by the
hour where do we go where this is the
17th time I've been displaced where
should I go should I go to Rafa Rafa is
just one street what do they want from
us do they want us to be 2.4 million in
an area that does not exceed 200
M the Israeli troops advances onun are
forcing thousands to evacuate here to
Rafa but those who have already made it
left all basic necessities from medicine
to water and food they came here seeking
safety but the Israeli attacks continue
here as well Tark abom Al jazer Rafa in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer